good afternoon waterjets welcome to the
new video today we're going to do again
tutorials I'm going to do something that people
He has already asked me a lot in the
comments that is the ticket of the
espresso of hogwarts is worth apart from that
I will make the entrance of the world championships
end of the world's willis of
bulgaria against ireland and I will teach you
the proclamations that I had here behind
ok he had proclamations of amps of
the order of the phoenix ' but how am I going to
paint the room right now what
I have everything empty and I see it until weird
but good
they will come back again, here we have
the express ticket here is the
express ticket me apart from
print it plasticizes it and from behind it
I also put a tone like that on parchment
parchment tone looks not good looks good
there all parchment there is to give the
feeling old is not there for
agree also to fit with
the main colors of the part
front of the ticket then here we have
the entrance of the worlds good forgiveness
sorry let's go let's get this over with
what you start this ends
it's just printing it
is to cut it and is to plasticize it with
paper with paper lining the books by
example with what you want to make clear
but hey he stayed in a way if he
the truth is perfect that is very
well and I will leave you below in the
description as always the link what
I printed if you want to add it to the
back also and it's already there what
you will have
now if the final ticket of
widget ticket here is here what do you have
ok here you have it
that saying this now while
I'm going to do one again so you can see
as it is done it has no loss but good
I'm going to do it, I 'm going to try from
now I think I'll start doing the
things so you can see how it works
does this is easy but good for
start then we started with this and already
little by little we will go forward
finally I want to show you these
are the proclamations that I had behind
worth the proclamations of hunger there
is it so
this one is worth
and this will simply leave you below the
description the links for you to
intimate and simple
print and if you only have to
stick them on the wall staple the put them
hair put thumbtacks whatever you want
do with them
this is the ticket that printed for the
tutorial is a little bit big it has
come out a little bit the truth but
well do not let us go that you do not see
now let's proceed let's see the
process to do the first thing we're going
to do is cut the ticket of the
globally you're just starting to
cut it by the lines that you have
marked and well right away when I
you have to go to the next step
well we already have a part cut out to
the back of the ticket now
let's go for the front
well, that's it, we already have two parts
cut now just need to paste
for that a simple bar glue will
you give first on the one hand that everything is
well well stuck everything and with the according to the
second part, you're going to also
put all the glue so that both
they stay stuck together
once we have the two parts put
with simple glues with glue
sorry we're just going to paste one
on the other
be careful, you have to fit the
edges so you do not miss out
once you have everything stuck and
finished you will be given the ticket as well
there it is , you stay perfect
and well now you choose the size
you want this is a little big but
well you can give it the size that
you want so nothing here
you have the ticket and that's how it stays
and well up to here the tutorial up
here the tutorials I hope that I have
liked we will be back soon with a new
video I hope this month I can not record
many but as of next month
I will try to record two per week with
all the things that I have to show you
which is a barbarity of things for
do things to print things later
we will also do cooking tutorials
For example, beer from
butter we will make a day and all those
things so good for you to go
learning both you and me at
make it a pleasure and until next time
and where